Lab5: Engines PatternMatch and PatternMatchRete.

1) Familiarize yourself with the examples of using selectors and the engine PatternMatch in files SelectorDemo.arl and GroceryBagger.arl. 

2) We will be working on the publicly available dataset Census Income ( http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Adult ).
Data can be found in the file Census.dat; in the file Census.dfn we can find their definition. The file Census.arl contains the example goal and rule answering the first question below.
Note: we can add (remove and modify) to wm (WorkingMemory) objects of different classes. You should remember of importing and adding these classes to the path.

Using the class Selector answer the following questions:
1. What is the number of people with the Polish nationality?
2. What percentage of male people are divorced?
3. What is is the largest ethnical group among the Adm-clericals?
4. Do all Asian people having children earn less than 50 000?
5. What is the distribution of the gender for each race?
6. What education-num corresponds to particular education levels? 
7. What kind of education is related to the highest salaries?
8. What occupation comes with the highest hours-per-week? 
9. What is the average hours-per-week for the oldest group of people, and what is for the youngest?
10. Who gained most and who lost most on investing?
11. What is the most common profession per country?


Below are allowed values of the attributes:

age: continuous.
workclass: Private, Self-emp-not-inc, Self-emp-inc, Federal-gov, Local-gov, State-gov, Without-pay, Never-worked.
fnlwgt: continuous.
education: Bachelors, Some-college, 11th, HS-grad, Prof-school, Assoc-acdm, Assoc-voc, 9th, 7th-8th, 12th, Masters, 1st-4th, 10th, Doctorate, 5th-6th, Preschool.
education-num: continuous.
marital-status: Married-civ-spouse, Divorced, Never-married, Separated, Widowed, Married-spouse-absent, Married-AF-spouse.
occupation: Tech-support, Craft-repair, Other-service, Sales, Exec-managerial, Prof-specialty, Handlers-cleaners, Machine-op-inspct, Adm-clerical, Farming-fishing, Transport-moving, Priv-house-serv, Protective-serv, Armed-Forces.
relationship: Wife, Own-child, Husband, Not-in-family, Other-relative, Unmarried.
race: White, Asian-Pac-Islander, Amer-Indian-Eskimo, Other, Black.
sex: Female, Male.
capital-gain: continuous.
capital-loss: continuous.
hours-per-week: continuous.
native-country: United-States, Cambodia, England, Puerto-Rico, Canada, Germany, Outlying-US(Guam-USVI-etc), India, Japan, Greece, South, China, Cuba, Iran, Honduras, Philippines, Italy, Poland, Jamaica, Vietnam, Mexico, Portugal, Ireland, France, Dominican-Republic, Laos, Ecuador, Taiwan, Haiti, Columbia, Hungary, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Scotland, Thailand, Yugoslavia, El-Salvador, Trinadad&Tobago, Peru, Hong, Holand-Netherlands.
income:  <=50K, >50K

Note: unknown values are marked as "?".
